README.md, before:

LHL Node Skeleton
=========

## Project Setup

The following steps are only for _one_ of the group members to perform.

1. Create your own copy of this repo using the `Use This Template` button, ideally using the name of your project. The repo should be marked Public
2. Verify that the skeleton code now shows up in your repo on GitHub, you should be automatically redirected
3. Clone your copy of the repo to your dev machine
4. Add your team members as collaborators to the project so that they can push to this repo
5. Let your team members know the repo URL so that they use the same repo (they should _not_ create a copy/fork of this repo since that will add additional workflow complexity to the project)


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x

Commit message:

This edited readme and added screenshots to docs

README.md, after:

# The Vault Password Keeper Midterm Project

## Project Description
Created by Joe Tang, Artem Iefymenko and Michael Buffone.

The Vault stores passwords for organizations which each user for that organization can have access to the account using the organizations passwords.

The app will let you generate a password using criteria in the app. The user can copy the password and place it into the desired website to access.

## Features
* Able to generate a random password based on criteria
* Seperate Accounts by categories
* Search accounts
* Masked password
* Copy Password to clipboard

## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/` to visit index page

9. For demo purpose we do not have a login or register. So to loging to a existing user `http://localhost:8080/login/1` for example.


## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x
- Cookie-Sessions 1.4.x or above

## Screenshots


Logged In Page
!["Logged In Page"](./docs/home.png)

Edit Page
!["Edit Page"](./docs/edit.png)

Generate Password Page
!["Generate Password Page"](./docs/generate.png)
